[DLK-1801] update public schema after adding back comments (#7312)
braze-inc/braze-docs: assets/download_file/data-sharing-raw-table-schemas.txt

	AD_TRACKING_ENABLED (BOOLEAN)
	SF_CREATED_AT (TIMESTAMP_LTZ(9))

> USERS_BEHAVIORS_GEOFENCE_DATAEVENT_SHARED: When a user triggers a geofenced area (e.g. when they enter/exit a geofence). This event was batched with other events and received through the standard events endpoint, and therefore may not have been received by the endpoint in real-time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USERS_BEHAVIORS_GEOFENCE_DATAEVENT_SHARED: When a user triggers a geofenced area (when they enter or exit a geofence). This event was batched with other events and received through the standard events endpoint, and therefore may not have been received by the endpoint in real time.
```

	GEOFENCE_ID (VARCHAR(16777216))
	SF_CREATED_AT (TIMESTAMP_LTZ(9))

> USERS_BEHAVIORS_GEOFENCE_RECORDEVENT_SHARED: When a user triggers a geofenced area (e.g. when they enter/exit a geofence). This event was received through the dedicated Geofence endpoint, and is therefore received in real-time as soon as a users device detects that it has triggered a geofence. In addition, due to rate-limiting on the geofence endpoint, it is possible that some geofence events are not reflected as a RecordEvent. All geofence events, however, are represented by DataEvent (but potentially with some delay due to batching).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USERS_BEHAVIORS_GEOFENCE_RECORDEVENT_SHARED: When a user triggers a geofenced area (when they enter or exit a geofence). This event is received through the dedicated Geofence endpoint, and therefore is received as soon as a user's device detects that it has triggered a geofence. In addition, due to rate-limiting on the geofence endpoint, it is possible that some geofence events are not reflected as a RecordEvent. All geofence events, however, are represented by DataEvent (but potentially with some delay due to batching).
```

	REVENUE (NUMBER(38,0))
	SF_CREATED_AT (TIMESTAMP_LTZ(9))

> USERS_CANVAS_CONVERSION_SHARED: when a user converts for a canvas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USERS_CANVAS_CONVERSION_SHARED: when a user converts for a Canvas
```

	LANGUAGE (VARCHAR(16777216))
	SF_CREATED_AT (TIMESTAMP_LTZ(9))

> USERS_CANVAS_ENTRY_SHARED: when a user enters a canvas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USERS_CANVAS_ENTRY_SHARED: when a user enters a Canvas
```
"Canvas" is always capitalized

	IN_CONTROL_GROUP (BOOLEAN)
	SF_CREATED_AT (TIMESTAMP_LTZ(9))

> USERS_CANVAS_EXIT_PERFORMEDEVENT_SHARED: when a user exited a canvas because of performing an event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USERS_CANVAS_EXIT_PERFORMEDEVENT_SHARED: when a user exited a Canvas because of performing an event
```

	CANVAS_STEP_API_ID (VARCHAR(16777216))
	SF_CREATED_AT (TIMESTAMP_LTZ(9))

> USERS_CANVAS_EXIT_MATCHEDAUDIENCE_SHARED: when a user exited a canvas because of matching an audience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USERS_CANVAS_EXIT_MATCHEDAUDIENCE_SHARED: when a user exited a Canvas because of matching an audience
```

	IN_CONTROL_GROUP (BOOLEAN)
	SF_CREATED_AT (TIMESTAMP_LTZ(9))

> USERS_CANVAS_FREQUENCYCAP_SHARED: when a user gets frequency capped for a canvas step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
USERS_CANVAS_FREQUENCYCAP_SHARED: when a user gets frequency capped for a Canvas step
```
